BOX PLOT
This boxplot is a comparison between all the 3 major biological factors namely Cholesterol,Heart Rate,Blood Pressure with respect to the age. And also helps in visualizing the statistics of each of the risk factors. Like it shows the-upper whisker,lower whisker,median,upper hinge and lower hinge.

TREND LINE
This trend line graph is also based on the major 3 factors where based of the R squared value, P Squared value and the angle of the linear trend line-Cholesterol and Max Heart Rate shows negative Co-relation and Blood Pressuse Shows Positive Co-relation

DASHBOARD
This dashboard shows a scatter plot comparison with a trendline showing the linear co-relation between the age and the 4 major biological risk factors.
The colour shading is based on the Old peak which refers to if the old peak value is greater then 0.5 it indicates a weaker heart which is prone to heart disease
--Resting Bp
	Positive co-relation
--Cholesterol
	Negative co-relation
--Heart Rate
	Negative Co-relation
--Glucose
	Positive co-relation

STORY 3
Calculating Linear Regression for the positive co-relation risk factors

--Resting BP
	To Plot linear regression- we calculated the Slope and the Y intercept value using a calculated field with the Window function.
	And for the regression line the formula used was Slope*BP+Y intercept
	Here in this graph we have plotted a linear regression line whose R squared value is higher and p squared value is lower  making it a BEST CASE SENARIO. So we could conclude from this linear regression that Blood Pressuse is one of the major Risk Factor for heart disease.

--Glucose
	To Plot linear regression- we calculated the Slope and the Y intercept value using a calculated field with the Window function.
	And for the regression line the formula used was Slope*Glucose+Y intercept
	Here in this graph we have plotted a linear regression line whose R squared value is higher and p squared value is lower  making it a BEST CASE SENARIO. So we could conclude from this linear regression that Glucose level is one of the major Risk Factor for heart disease.

--Predictive Modelling
	Does resting blood pressure and heart rate depend on cholesterol level?
	Here a model is created to check how much the above situation is true of not true
	We are using a function call model percentile to predict the presence of heart disease		The obtained value is always between 1 and 0
	So on considering a particular point we can say that for a particular cholesterol level and a particular BP or HR value is the predicted value is between 0 and 0.4 it is not a good prediction whereas if the value is in between 0.4 and 1 it is a very good prediction.

STORY 4
Trend lines of the social factors
--Work Type
	A random of 100 ids are considered
	Only Private sector factor shows visible positive co-relation. Meaning people working in the private sector are more prone to heart disease
--Smoking
	All the 4 types have slight co-relation, but smoking shows a little bit better one.
--Residence
	In this factor both the ppl living in urban and rural area are equally co-related-meaning ppl in both places are affected by heart disease , which means Residence is not a significant Risk Factor
--Marriage
	Likewise as both married and non maried trendline does not show significant variation it is also not  a important risk factor when compared to others.
--HyperTension
	In the random of 100 ids considered we can see that most of the id's dont have hypertension and with the people with having hyper tension there is a huge neagtive corelation meaning this is also not a major risk factor causing heart disease.
















































TA: Typical Angina, ATA: Atypical Angina, NAP: Non-Anginal Pain, ASY: Asymptomatic

 

	
	

